  GNU nano 2.7.1                                                                Soubor: .nanorc                                                                         

include /usr/share/nano/javascript.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/php.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/html.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/css.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/autoconf.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/java.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/texinfo.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/sh.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/nanorc.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/man.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/rust.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/debian.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/xml.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/perl.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/awk.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/makefile.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/changelog.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/python.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/tex.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/json.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/lua.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/go.nanorc

set autoindent
set smooth
set tabstospaces
set regexp
set softwrap
